hello guys my name's rims and this is my
fellows again and this sounds a little
bit different so I am accepting
absolutely accepting all kinds of
gameplays right now and I think this is
from console as it seems to me to
anyways so the fov is already hurting my
head so yeah I'm gonna try to do this
fast so anyways this is a special
episode because this is a double mode
fail so I want to help you guys with any
kind of tactics i can and first thing
here when you take up these guys you
know you take about easily but next time
really use that cover you out there
those concrete blocks are those
comfortable they are the most perfect
cover take cover behind them and just in
case enemy the enemy doesn't die so fast
use them because you never know with
like comp also you get this smoke right
now and you should you should have been
letting the bad guy kill it kill you
right away use the same sex but same
thing still some taxes don't really kill
you they easy when you have a specialist
so what you should have done it in this
situation is weighted gotten yourself
killed first quadrant specialist and
then maybe maybe only then you call in
your mobile a double Mobe do not call
your mobile in until you get the double
move because calling in the mode right
now will make them in extreme rage quits
it will syrah kills and now again you
kill the enemies while you don't need to
and your teammate do your team needs to
lose one of the flags also so because
yourself killed here good but so you
should being killed eight years ago you
had the chance right after you got the
mob so here again you should have waited
to the cap because I it seems like
you're playing with a clan so I'm quite
sure you guys can actually talk to each
other so you still waited till they kept
be luckily they do cat babe but they you
know when you are up this much you can
easily win with a double Cup so there
should be no issue with that and just to
make you give you more time and make you
not as nervous about getting a double
mode you need more time it really need
more time
them having a double cup really finds
you more time so let me talk about this
to bury here so you know that though
everyone knows that this is actually
pretty good area to get double kills and
these will pick up a quick special
streak like this is the best area on
this map but you have to be always on
your game you have to have good drag you
have to have good connection and you
always always need to listen so in this
area when you don't pay attention you
get yourself killed easily and as good
as it's going for you you know it works
for you I know like whatever works don't
change it but going into this area is
not in my opinion the best idea to pick
into a tube like that when you know the
enemy is you know when you're surprised
that I me go in there but when like it
sometimes it doesn't just work because
when you go into this tube area you nice
prefer by the way not enough people do
that's just going pray firing but when
you go into a tube area and animator
throws a stun at you you are so dead you
can't go anywhere it will be stuck on
that side of the tube you can't go and
say cover their they will run in and
just murder you so next time I suggest
you stay above outside the tube you stay
up on behind the left side of the side
wall there and use that the girders or
whatever they are on left side use those
as cover and to just get the guys coming
out of the tube so that will in my
opinion that would be a better idea
because when you for example when you
get stunned right here you have only
your your mag of ammo and if you don't
get them you're dead there's just no
other way so it is a really really
dangerous spots but it works sometimes
it doesn't work so like you know you
just got to go as the game goes but here
you know you see you don't have that
many enemies again because they got
double moved and the game isn't really
going that as far as an issue and again
you guys have double captain and you're
winning winning the game way too fast so
you should have waited here till the
enemy gets on a and let them let him
give a double cap I mean letting them
take a cuz and told your teammates as
well to do that as well because right
now you're on your way to double nope
and you're winning and I'm quota person
sure you're so nervous right now
don't want to die but at the same time
you're running out of time and your
teammates are again capping see taking
that unnecessary double cap on the name
is so that is the main things I want you
guys to really know oh my god what does
mmm cheese are kidding me no I'm jeez so
here yeah you just back off then maybe
you want to let me caps 8 ok but that
doesn't make a difference you should you
sort of killed them by the way and maybe
I don't know what the streak was maybe
you could have gotten your mobile but
hope this helped you guys and these are
the zip tie up to give you so from now
on I will always try to give you tips
not whine about know you not seeing a
guy so I'll see you guys around than
watching bye so I know this one was
maybe for more advanced feel good so I'm
quite sure this helped you guys still
and i think this came up pretty damn
good so hopefully you enjoy and don't
forget to check out to previous or felt
a bit more fail episodes for any
additional tips see you around guys bye